The dataset consists of a number of columns of disasters, associated with county FIPS codes. Each column works the same way: a bool denoting whether the county has to deal with that kind of disaster or not. This is derived from a FEMA dataset I found (https://www.fema.gov/api/open/v2/DisasterDeclarationsSummaries.csv), which has a giant list of all the disasters that have happened in the USA since 1953. Since this a big dataset, a lot of little disasters are included (like the multitude of "volcano eruptions" in Hawaii), and big disasters which are said to effect lots of places. For instance, according to the dataset, Hurricane Katrina effected Idaho. While this may *technically* be true (maybe it rained more that month?), we don't care about things like that.

I did 2 things to handle these problems:
1. The county is only said to "have to deal with" the disaster if it happens an appropriate number of times. For instance, if a county only has a couple fires on record, they're probably just random house fires: not indicative of a larger problem. But if it has 20, the county probably has to worry about forest fires consistently. Whereas *any* tornado on record is potential cause for concern.
2. We also have to distinguish between the sample talking about rains in Idaho, or destruction in Louisiana. The dataset doesn't have data on how much each disaster cost, but it does have 4 different columns denoting what various assistance programs were initiated. By looking at the data, some maps of the USA, and wandering around fema.gov, it looks like if the "Individual Assistance program" or "Individuals and Households program", denoted by the  "iaProgramDeclared" and the "ihProgramDeclared" columns respectively, were declared, it was a legitimate disaster that caused damage.

| fips | Hurricane | Fire | Flood | Tornado |Severe Storm  |Earthquake|Typhoon|Coastal Storm|
|------|-----------|------|-------|---------|----------|-----------|------|-------|
|int|bool|bool|bool|bool|bool|bool|bool|bool|
|County FIPS code|Whether the county as to deal with hurricanes or not | Whether the county as to deal with fires or not | Whether the county as to deal with floods or not | Whether the county as to deal with tornados or not |Whether the county as to deal with severe storms or not  |Whether the county as to deal with earthquakes or not|Whether the county as to deal with typhoons or not|Whether the county as to deal with coastal storms or not|
